# Upgrading to cucumber-core 18.0.0

## Flaky results

### Before cucumber-core 18.0.0

Any test result that has a status of "flaky" would return a `Cucumber::Core::Test::Result::Flaky` object.
This inherently is treated as a "failing" state in terms of "strict" mode (Something removed in v17 of core)

```ruby
Cucumber::Core::Test::Result::Flaky.ok? # => false
```

### With cucumber-core 18.0.0

Any test result that has a status of "flaky" still returns a `Cucumber::Core::Test::Result::Flaky` object.
This inherently is treated as a "passing" state

```ruby
Cucumber::Core::Test::Result::Flaky.ok? # => true
```

## Gherkin Writer Helpers

The structure of the gherkin writer helpers was quite muddied pre 18.0.0 and the file contained a series of helper
modules as well as a few standard classes used to construct the full gherkin AST document.

From 18.0.0 onwards, the gherkin writer helpers have been split into a series of files and modules, each with a single
responsibility. Furthermore, the indentation functionality within these helpers has now been restructured to a more
"DSL-like" approach.

### Before cucumber-core 18.0.0

Requiring `'cucumber/core/gherkin/writer/helpers'` would load a single file containing all the gherkin writer helpers,
as well as adding the ability to `include` a metaprogrammed `Indentation` module into your own classes to gain access
to the indentation functionality.

```ruby
require 'cucumber/core/gherkin/writer/helpers'

module Cucumber
  module Core
    module Gherkin
      module Writer
        class Example < Scenario
          include Indentation.level 4

          default_keyword 'Example'
        end
      end
    end
  end
end
```

### With cucumber-core 18.0.0

You can require `'cucumber/core/gherkin/writer/helpers'` to obtain all the gherkin writer helpers, or you can require
the individual files for the specific helper you need.

To provide indentation functionality, you can now `extend` the `Cucumber::Core::Gherkin::Writer::Indentation` module into
your own classes, which will give you access to the `indentation_level` DSL method. This can be used in a similar way
to before to simply determine what indentation level is required

```ruby
require 'cucumber/core/gherkin/writer/helpers'

module Cucumber
  module Core
    module Gherkin
      module Writer
        class Example < Scenario
          extend Indentation

          indentation_level 4

          default_keyword 'Example'
        end
      end
    end
  end
end
```
